Update (#68)
OpenVoiceOS/community-docs: docs/ht_stt.md

# How do I - STT

> STT (Speech to Text) is what converts your voice into commands that OVOS recognizes and converts them to an intent that is used to activate skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STT (Speech to Text) is what converts your voice into commands that OVOS recognizes, then converts to an intent that is used to activate skills.
```

> There are several STT engines avaliable and OVOS uses [ovos-stt-plugin-server](https://github.com/OpenVoiceOS/ovos-stt-plugin-server) and a list of public servers hosted by OVOS community members by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several STT engines available and OVOS uses [ovos-stt-plugin-server](https://github.com/OpenVoiceOS/ovos-stt-plugin-server) and a list of public servers hosted by OVOS community members by default.
```
